Overview: Candy Craze is a top down 2d game where you navigate through multiple mazes to collect candy and visit houses all while being chased by bullies on Halloween. Each level increases in difficulty both in the maze and with the bullies. 

Vision Statement: A family friendly Halloween game with none of the horror and all the fun and excitement of Halloween!

Gameplay: WASD and Arrow keys to move, space for shooting candy slingshot. You run around in a maze and try to outmaneuver the bullies chasing you or distract the bullies with candy shot from the candy slingshot. The more candy you find in the maze the higher your score. Houses give the player +20 candy, and every level increases the bully's speed, the number of houses, and more candy lost every time the bully catches you. The bullies start taking one candy at a time and it increases every time you are caught, and every level you pass.

World: The game takes place in a suburban maze where in order to get to a house, you must run through a maze. The game is divided into four blocks, each block being its own level. Each block has a different maze, number of houses, obstacles, items, and more candy. Block Alpha is the first block and is located on South West of Asher Lane. It is a simple maze with not a lot of twists and only two houses. Block Bravo is slightly more complicated than Block Alpha but introduces obstacles that can be in your or the bullies way when going through the maze. There are four houses in Block Bravo and it is located to the South East. Block Charlie is located in the North East and has a much harder maze than the previous two blocks and has eight total houses. The final block, Block Delta, has 16 houses and is full of candy, obstacles, and is the most complicated maze and is located to the North West.

Story: It's Halloween, kids are after all that sweet candy but Asher Lane is plagued with no good bullies. Candy is stolen every year and Dib Dubbles has had enough. He is preparing all the stops to get his candy this year. But the bullies are organizing this year and plan to make this year their greatest harvest. Knuckles McGraw patrols the streets and Spike Slade is cracking his fists for the next victim. Whatever the case, Dib will have to pull off all the stops to get his candy.
